API-5737 list_chats pagination (#655)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/customer-chat-api/v3.2/rtm-reference/index.mdx

#### Request

| Parameter | Required | Type     | Notes                     |
| --------- | -------- | -------- | ------------------------- |
| `limit`   | No       | `number` | Default: 10, maximum: 25  |
| `page_id` | No       | `string` |                           |

#### Response

| Parameter          | Data type | Notes                                                                                                           |
| ------------------ | --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `total_chats`      | `number`  | An estimated number. The real number of found chats can slightly differ.                                        |

Reviewer: I would have expected this returning also `chats_summary` 😉

#### Request

| Parameter    | Required | Type     | Notes                                                                                                   |
| ------------ | -------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `limit`      | No       | `number` | Default: 10, maximum: 25                                                                                |

> | `sort_order` | No       | `string` | Possible values: `asc`, `desc` (default). Chat summaries are being sorted by last thread creation date. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `sort_order` | No       | `string` | Possible values: `asc`, `desc` (default). Chat summaries are sorted by the creation date of its last thread. |
```

Reviewer 2: IMO, slightly more understandable than 'last thread creation date' cluster

  "type": "response",
  "success": true,
  "payload": {

>     "next_page_id": "MTUxNzM5ODEzMTQ5Ng==", // optional

Reviewer 2: Soon, we'll be getting rid of "JSON comments". What do you say we delete the comment and make a note in the Response table instead?

>     "next_page_id": "MTUxNzM5ODEzMTQ5Ng==", // optional

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    "next_page_id": "MTUxNzM5ODEzMTQ5Ng==", 
```
